The Joe Rogan experience.
Do you, do you know the story about this guy who is a, a liberal journalist?
Who, what did he do? He agreed with someone that said something.
He liked something about Alexandri Ocasio-Cortez and the police
came to his house. I did. Did you, did you hear the story?
I did pull his story up, cuz it's so crazy. Crazy that you, you go,
this can't be real. And here we, we are, I don't think that it's AOC,
who's doing this.
It's probably some nutty AOC reporter or a supporter rather police
visit the home of podcaster after a criticize AOC on Twitter.
So pull up the story because this is so crazy. This is like so crazy.
I mean it's China type.
It's so crazy that I feel like there has to be more to it when I heard about it
the other night, but.
I mean, no, it's not please scroll down so I could read this here. It goes. No,
no, no. So I could read that to you. Oh yeah. It's about.
That interview that she had, which was <laugh> see.
Yeah, the interview was insane. Oh my gosh.
And so ridiculous Uhhuh on April 1st AOC did a live stream with Michael Miller
head of the Jewish community relations council of New York.
She was asked about peace between Israelis and Palestinians.
Her response was incredibly underwhelming to say the very least. Now,
if you listen to her response, she's unprepared.
She doesn't really have a thing to say about this.
So she basically just sort of uses words, salad, and it's a nonsense answer.
Yeah. Okay. That no, go back down, go back right there. Um,
really shaken up right now. Uh,
so the guy puts this thing saying it's underwhelming.
He puts it up on Twitter and I'm really shaken right now.
This is the next tweet.
I was just visited by two plain clothes police officers from California highway
patrol at my home.
They said they came here on behalf of the Capitol police and me of
threatening AOC on Twitter yesterday. This is provably false.
So go back up to what we just saw. Yeah. So this is all he said,
her response was incredibly underwhelming to say the very least.
So someone decided that what he now,
the reason being is I'm sure this is some sort of a support
order of AOC that contacted the Capitol hill police and probably lied.
But the fact that they could just come to your house without any proof that you,
it's not like he's saying this lady deserves to die. She must be stopped.
We have to stop none of that. None of that,
none of that underwhelming to say the least, which,
which is a very mild criticism.
It is actually, if you watch that interview, the guy's face is classic though.
The guy interviewing it's just like, he can't believe what she's saying.
It's classic. He watches facial expressions.
Like, but this is what happens. Wanna play.
We should play it just so people understand what, how cuz it is.
It's really a ridiculous answer. It is. But it's, it's a,
it's a kind of answer you give when you're in seventh grade and you're doing a,
a,
the teacher asked you a question about a book report and you didn't really read
the book exactly what it was. It was about Columbus. And this is,
it was so important that Columbus was here because without Columbus mm-hmm
<affirmative>, there was so many things that would not have happened.
Mm-hmm <affirmative>, you know, collo what Columbus did was brave and amazing.
You really like.
That's exactly what it is. Now. You have to be careful.
They might be showing up at your house tonight.
They might be at the studio when we're at, when we walk outta here. I.
Don't think AOC dis I really don't.
I think it's a crazy person that thinks that this is just my opinion.
I think it was most likely a crazy person that is angry at this guy for not
towing the liberal line. Yeah. Because he's a liberal journalist. Yeah.
Podcaster. That's the interesting thing too. When you talk about, you know,
grow growing up, when we grew up, when you talk about liberalism,
it means something different and than it does today,
and there's a difference between a classical liberal and a leftist.
And what we're seeing more of in this country is those terms intertwined.
And they're very different things. Yes. Uh,
and leftists are kind of what we're seeing more of, uh,
which is grabbing this control restrictions on,
on freedom of speech and restrictions on owning firearms,
restrictions on whatever they think might be dangerous. Yeah.
Especially when they throw in dangerous to the children. That's the other,
other key when, uh, talking about, but then they take power and guess who's buy,
who's buying all the expensive houses and, and has the,
has the power and the control. Oh,
those same people that were fighting for the little guy a little while ago.
And talking about all these restrictions that we needed to place on, uh,
some of these more natural rights that, uh, are inherent at birth,
they namely to be able to defend ourselves and our family defend that gift of
life. Yeah.
Like when a Marxist starts making money and buys million dollar houses. Ah,
did that happen recently? Yeah, it did. Yeah. Yeah. That's what happens.
You're a Marxist. If you're a Marxist, you're not buying million dollar houses.
You're not on a real estate basis. <laugh> that's not mark. That's why I.
I talk to,
well all as often as I possibly can I talk about the importance of studying our
history? Yes. Putting that requisite time, energy,
and effort into studying the past so we can make decisions that, uh,
cause we have this responsibility to make decisions, uh, for future generations.
And if we haven't put that time into studying our history and if what you know
about a certain, uh, uh, event or a, a, uh,
certain issue is based on someone else's tweet that you just retweeted and all
of a sudden,
that's your opinion of something that's gonna affect multiple generations down
the line,
particularly their abilities to defend themselves and their families or to, to,
to start a business or whatever it, it might be. Well,
you owe it to put down the phone to get into these books, realize, Hey, what do,
why? Why, why is, why are these amendments in place? Why is this important? Um,
and from the inception of this country, up until today,
people have died to give you the right, to be able to make these decisions,
to follow your dreams, to have these options and opportunities.
Not only give up.
Everything, people have died, supporting these things that you support,
these things you, you like when people are really in a Marxism,
like you need to learn what happened when that was the rule of law,
because it's a terrible, terrible history. It's horrible.
But it seems good. Like the idea that everybody should have something,
it should be equal for all. And all the workers should be even,
and everybody should have equal things. Well, you know what happens then? You,
you,
you don't have the same amount of effort because there's a reason why some
people work harder than others because they realize you can actually get further
ahead. There's a competition. And that competition fuels innovation.
It fuels all sorts of things. There's incentives. Oh yeah.
These incentives to discipline, you wake up an hour earlier,
then you're the next guy you do it seven days a week.
You got seven hours of work that that guy doesn't have in. Yep. Or you.
Wake up seven hours earlier, like Jaco does. And everybody else,
something like that. Yes. Uh, but yeah, you have that option.
You have the option. True. I can write books. You can do this.
Like we have these amazing freedoms. And when have you ever read a book,
whether fiction or non or studied history where the people that put names on
lists, the people that restrict rights,
the people that confiscate firearms are the good guys in any of those movies.
Even let's just say fiction. Yeah. Ever. Yeah. Never. Exactly. Yeah, exactly.
So that should be a clue, right. There seems.
Like when you say it the right way, if you Rick,
the rights of these people to have guns, then they'll not be any mass shootings.
Cause there'll be no guns like oh, okay.
And someone just retweets that that becomes their opinion rather than hold on.
Let me look at the, if this was even the issue, uh, let me look,
take at the look at the FBI crime statistics, the actual ones and be like, oh,
why are they going after this one thing that causes almost nothing.
They should be going after hammers and baseball bats,
or if they were really wanted to save lives,
you should make sure that every single phone just turned off when you got in
your car and just what didn't, wasn't allowed to operate.
If you really cared about the children, right.
Or at least start 18 and under no texting,
this thing turns off when you get in a car, right.
If you were really concerned about saving lives.
So it's a disingenuous argument from the beginning. Yeah. Uh,
but it sounds so good.
Catch new episodes. The Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify,
watch back catalog JRE videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.